Add generic user workflow docs (#497)
mattermost/mattermost-load-test-ng: README.md

- On a Terraform deployment. This is the recommended way to start a load-test for production. [Link to the guide](docs/terraform_loadtest.md)
- Locally. This is a good way to getting started and better understand the inner mechanics. [Link to the guide](docs/local_loadtest.md)

> A user workflow guide is available [here](docs/load-test-how-to-use.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [user workflow guide](docs/load-test-how-to-use.md) for details.
```

## FAQ

> Answers to frequent questions and troubleshooting for common issues can be found in our [FAQ](docs/faq.md) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Answers to frequently asked questions and troubleshooting for common issues can be found in the [FAQ](docs/faq.md) section.
```
